https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-10611 (#6292)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/known_issues_governance.adoc

----
oc delete lease governance-policy-addon-controller-lock -n <namespace> 
----
//still editing
[#database-compliance-history-outage]
== Database and policy compliance history API outage

There is built-in resilience for database and policy compliance history API outages, however, any compliance events that cannot be recorded by a managed cluster are queued in memory until they are successfully recorded. This means that if there is an outage and the `governance-policy-framework` pod on the managed cluster restarts, all queued compliance events are lost.

If you create or update a new policy during a database outage, any compliance events sent for this new policy cannot be recorded since the mapping of policies to database IDs could not be updated. Once the database is back online, the mapping will be automatically updated and future compliance events from those policies will be recorded.

[#postgresql-data-loss]
== PostgreSQL data loss

> If there is data loss to the PostgreSQL server such as restoring to a backup without the latest data, the Governance Policy Propagator on the RHACM hub must be restarted so that it can update the mapping of policies to database IDs. Until the Governance Policy Propagator is restarted, new compliance events associated with policies that once existed in the database but no longer exist will not be recorded. To restart the Governance Policy Propagator, you may use the following command on the RHACM hub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is data loss to the PostgreSQL server such as restoring to a backup without the latest data, the Governance Policy Propagator on the {product-title-short} hub must be restarted so that it can update the mapping of policies to database IDs. Until the Governance Policy Propagator is restarted, new compliance events associated with policies that once existed in the database but no longer exist will not be recorded. To restart the Governance Policy Propagator, you may use the following command on the {product-title-short} hub:
```

----

> kubectl -n open-cluster-management rollout restart deployment/grc-policy-propagator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oc -n open-cluster-management rollout restart deployment/grc-policy-propagator
```
